README.md, before:

# _APP NAME_

#### _A practice application using Ruby, Gem & Pry. DATE_

#### By _**YOUR NAME HERE**_

## Description

_This application will allow the user to ._ 

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _View this Repository Here on Heroku: (insert a link)_
* _Clone Repository from GitHub :  https://github.com/user-name/repo-name.git_
* _Open folder in Virtual Studio Code (or your text editor of choice)_
* _Open your terminal in Virtual Studio Code & type code . this will open all files associated with this app. 
* _Before you initialize GIT, be sure to delete the already exisiting .git file by running this command in your terminal $rm -rf .git_
* _Create your own repository and push new changes to GitHub_

## Behavior Driven Development 


|   Behavior Description        |
|-------------------------------|
| 1.  []|
| 2.  []|
| 3.  []|
| 4.  []|
| 5.  []|
| 6.  []|
| 7.  []|


## Known Bugs

_No known bugs at this time_

## Support and contact details

_If you have any questions or any issues please feel free to submit an issue here: https://github.com/username/reponame/issues_

## Technologies Used

_Ruby, Gem, Pry_ 


### Licenses
*MIT LICENSE*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_YOUR_NAME_**

Commit message:

initial commit: set up README.MD, DB and tables for doctor and patient, and rb files.

README.md, after:

# _Doctor's Office_

#### _A practice application using Ruby, Gem & Pry. DATE 5/19/20_

#### By _**Jozy Kinnaman, Chisato Murakami**_

## Description

_This application will allow an office administrator to track patients in a doctor's office ._ 

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _View this Repository Here on Heroku: (insert a link)_
* _Clone Repository from GitHub :  https://github.com/jozypants/doctors_office.git_
* _Open folder in Virtual Studio Code (or your text editor of choice)_
* _Open your terminal in Virtual Studio Code & type code . this will open all files associated with this app. 
* _Before you initialize GIT, be sure to delete the already exisiting .git file by running this command in your terminal $rm -rf .git_
* _Create your own repository and push new changes to GitHub_

## Behavior Driven Development 


|   Behavior Description        |
|-------------------------------|
| 1. Creates a new doctor with a name, id, and specialty. []|
| 2. Saves doctors in a database. []|
| 3. Assigns a doctor to a patient. []|
| 4. Creates a new patient with a name, id, and birthdate.[]|
| 5. Saves patients in a database.[]|
| 6. See the list of patients that have been assigned to a doctor []|
| 7.  []|
| 8.  []|


## Known Bugs

_No known bugs at this time_

## Support and contact details

_If you have any questions or any issues please feel free to submit an issue here: https://github.com/jozypants/doctors_office/issues_

## Technologies Used

_Ruby, Gem, Pry_ 


### Licenses
*MIT LICENSE*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Jozy Kinnaman, Chisato Murakami_**
